{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}{\f1 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green120\blue215;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440
\viewkind4\uc1
\pard\qc\b\f0\fs48 SAHAY AI AGENT\par
\fs32 ARCHITECTURAL SYSTEM SPECIFICATION (v4.0)\b0\par
\pard\par
\pard\b\fs28 1. ARCHITECTURAL OVERVIEW\b0\fs24\par
The SAHAY AI Agent is built on a modular, 4-tier micro-intelligence architecture designed for high-concurrency natural language processing and secure database orchestration. The system decouples user intent from database execution through a specialized "Reasoning Middleware" layer.\par
\par
\pard\b\fs28 2. LAYERED SYSTEM TOPOLOGY\b0\fs24\par
\par
\b 2.1 Experience Layer (Frontend/Portal)\b0\par
A pixel-perfect, reactive interface mirroring the Matrix COSEC ecosystem. It manages real-time socket communication and asynchronous response rendering, ensuring a seamless conversational flow for the end-user.\par
\par
\b 2.2 Intelligence Layer (Node.js Middleware)\b0\par
The central orchestrator of the ecosystem. Key responsibilities include:\par
\bullet \b Context Management\b0 : Injecting live database schema metadata and business rules into the AI prompt.\par
\bullet \b Fail-Safe Post-Processing\b0 : Normalizing AI-generated SQL to ensure strict adherence to Matrix-specific column naming conventions (e.g., DptName, WorkTime).\par
\bullet \b IST Native Integration\b0 : Locking all temporal data processing to Indian Standard Time (UTC+5:30).\par
\par
\b 2.3 Reasoning Layer (Distributed Model Pool)\b0\par
The "Brain" of the system, utilizing a highly available failover pool of Large Language Models:\par
\bullet \b Tier 1\b0 : Llama 3.3 70B (Primary reasoning and complex SQL construction).\par
\bullet \b Tier 2\b0 : Llama 4 Scout (Contextual nuance and conversational summary generation).\par
\bullet \b Tier 3\b0 : Qwen 3 32B (High-speed tertiary fallback).\par
\par
\b 2.4 Persistence Layer (MS SQL Server)\b0\par
Targeting the 'COSEC_DEMO' environment, this layer utilizes optimized views (Mx_VEW_DailyAttendance) and a non-blocking connection pool to handle enterprise-scale datasets.\par
\par
\pard\b\fs28 3. SECURITY FRAMEWORK\b0\fs24\par
\par
\b 3.1 SQL Security Gatekeeper\b0\par
A non-bypassable validation module that strictly enforces:\par
\bullet \b Read-Only Execution\b0 : Rejects any query containing destructive verbs (DROP, DELETE, UPDATE, etc.).\par
\bullet \b Atomic Statement Isolation\b0 : Prevents SQL injection by blocking multi-statement execution (;).\par
\par
\pard\b\fs28 4. CORE INTELLIGENCE FEATURES\b0\fs24\par
\par
\b 4.1 Numerical ID Intelligence\b0\par
Advanced pattern recognition for employee identifiers, capable of translating conversational lists (e.g., "1.2.3.4") into highly optimized SQL 'IN' clauses.\par
\par
\b 4.2 Temporal Synchronization\b0\par
System-wide IST native processing, ensuring 100% synchronization between attendance punches, shift timings, and reporting outputs without manual timezone math.\par
\par
\pard\qc\fs20 --- DOCUMENT CLASSIFICATION: TECHNICAL SPECIFICATION ---\par
}
